set up firebase authentication;
after authenticating, set up the firestore database structure


2020
So, 2020 has been a pretty cool year, a complicated one actually. 2020 has been full of ups and downs (I believe that's a common thing in all years). 
Entering 2020, I made a couple resolutions and set a few goals, most of which i didn't meet. I'm sure you're raising your brows already, wondering which type of person I am, but the truth is I actually didn't meet my set goals and this is because a vast percentage of the goals were set towards my academics (attaining academic exellence and a couple of other stuffs). I've actually learnt not to put all my eggs in one basket.

I heard someone somewhere saying 2020 was the year he discovered himself. Well, i think that does not totally apply to me because i have a lot of persons in me. I'm this "want-to-do-all" or "want-to-be-all" person, a part of me wants to be a musician, a part of me wants to be a programmer, a part of me wants to be a businessman, a part of me want to be a teacher, a part of me wants to be a farmer, a part of me wants to be many other things I don't even know yet, but 2020 showed me the person in me I'd really want to develop.

I learnt a couple life lessons from 2020:
First, you can do anything you want, however complicated it might seem, you can do it. And I understood this from programming.
Second, find a purpose. I believe having a set purpose or goal helps you win, however hard the situation might turn out to be. Having something to look forward to is what gets you going and striving to break every barrier, even when things go wrong. Your "why?" helps you maintain focus in hard times.

Third, strive to please God in whatever you do.

Lastly, always enjoy yourself.

So, entering 2021, by God's grace, I find myself moving some of these unfulfilled goals from 2020 to 2021 and also setting new one and more reasonable one that'd not only help me in 2021, but also for the rest of my life.

Some of my goals include:

1. Building strong and useful relationships.
2. Probably get a software development job and work with people who are far better and creative than I am.
3. Get to know God the more.
4. Learn Music officially, maybe from a school or an online course.
5. Do things with the least energy required (I must not stress myself in 2020);
6. Make money.
7. You can remind me of any you think is really important I missed out on.

So, I'm actually optimistic for 2021, seems to me like a great year already (I believe it's gonna be a great year) and we have to really appreciate God for giving us grace to even see the end of 2020, I don't think we deserve it. Truth is many people far better than us lost their lives during the year, I'd not like to mention the bad events in 2020 because I believe it ends there. We just have to thank God that we made it through.

#WEFINALLYMADEITTHROUGH2020

See you in 2021! (this statement is going to get expired in like 24 hours time)